README.md, before:

# jaison-silva.github.io


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/jaison-silva) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:jaisonsilva.work@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white) ![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white) ![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=#FF7139) ![Meta](https://img.shields.io/badge/Meta-%230467DF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Meta&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=jaison-silva&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=jaison-silva&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=jaison-silva&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=jaison-silva&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README with personal info and stats
Updated personal introduction and added GitHub stats.

README.md, after:

Hey,👋 I'm Jaison Silva 😁


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/jaison-silva) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:jaisonsilva.work@gmail.com) 

I’m a self-taught and passionate full-stack developer, as well as a creative problem-solver, here to build, break, and elevate the web—one line of code at a time. I’m all about creating scalable web apps, exploring new tech, and optimizing user experiences. When I’m not coding, you might find me everywhere, dancing, biking, gaming, binge watching netflix.

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white) ![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white) ![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=#FF7139) ![Meta](https://img.shields.io/badge/Meta-%230467DF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Meta&logoColor=white)

[![jaisonjoy's LeetCode Stats](https://leetcode-stats.vercel.app/api?username=jaisonjoy&theme=dark)](https://leetcode.com/u/jaisonjoy/)

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=jaison-silva&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=jaison-silva&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=jaison-silva&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=jaison-silva&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
